Content munge devportal (#11982)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/templates/hcl_templates/blocks/index.mdx

  HCL functions or data sources, or composited from variables created in the
  variables blocks.

> The documentation contains a page for each block type.

Author: ```suggestion
The documentation contains information for each block type.
```
